tikv: update CDC config (#5234) (#5253)
pingcap/docs: faq/deploy-and-maintain-faq.md

>
> It is not recommended to deploy TiDB using TiDB Ansible since TiDB v4.0. [Use TiUP to deploy TiDB](/production-deployment-using-tiup.md) instead.

> If the central control machine cannot access the Internet, you can [deploy TiDB offline using TiDB Ansible](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v4.0/offline-deployment-using-ansible).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the central control machine cannot access the Internet, you can [deploy TiDB offline using TiDB Ansible](/offline-deployment-using-ansible.md).
```
